Change "Run Script" to "Run radare2 script" (#2330)
radareorg/cutter: docs/source/user-docs/menus/menu-bar/file-menu.rst

Run a radare2 script
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which are typically end with a star character. e.g. ``afl*``).   

Author: ```suggestion
**Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which typically end with a star character. e.g. ``afl*``).   
```

Run a radare2 script
----------------------------------------

> **Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which are typically end with a star character, i.e ``afl*``).   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which typically end with a star character, for eg. ``afl*``).   
```

Author: "character. e.g ``afl*``"

> **Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which are typically end with a star character, i.e ``afl*``).   

Author: ```suggestion
**Description:** Cutter allows you to execute radare2 scripts to automate task or transfer information. Radare2 scripts are files that contain list of radare2 commands. The scripts can be created manually by you, or automatically generated by radare2 commands (which are typically end with a star character. e.g. ``afl*``).   
```
